the chief of staff pickled a perplexed president . 
every chief of staff wanted the floor . 
the floor ate a pickled pickle . 
the pickle wanted a fine sandwich . 
the president understood the pickle . 
the pickle in a chief of staff kissed the delicious president . 
the delicious fine fine chief of staff kissed a floor . 
the chief of staff ate a pickle in a fine perplexed perplexed pickle with a pickle . 
the perplexed president kissed a floor . 
the chief of staff understood every floor . 
the sandwich ate the president . 
a fine pickle pickled a chief of staff . 
a pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
every pickle wanted a fine pickled sandwich . 
the sandwich pickled a floor ! 
a president with the delicious sandwich on the chief of staff understood a fine pickle with the pickled pickle . 
a sandwich ate the president . 
is it true that a pickled pickled chief of staff understood the fine pickle ? 
a pickle kissed the sandwich . 
the delicious delicious president wanted a perplexed sandwich . 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the floor with every president in a pickled chief of staff in a perplexed president on the president in a floor in the delicious delicious sandwich with a pickle in the president . 
a floor on the delicious floor on a floor with the pickle under the pickle on a sandwich wanted the pickled fine chief of staff in a sandwich . 
a pickled sandwich kissed a delicious floor . 
every sandwich understood every delicious pickle ! 
a pickled chief of staff on a chief of staff in the sandwich with the floor pickled every floor . 
a chief of staff on the sandwich pickled a president on the president . 
a pickled floor wanted a sandwich . 
a pickled floor in a delicious pickle on a sandwich with the president on a perplexed fine pickle on the sandwich on a perplexed pickled sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
a pickle understood the pickle . 
the chief of staff wanted a president with the pickled delicious sandwich under a fine perplexed perplexed chief of staff under a pickled floor . 
the perplexed sandwich understood a fine pickled delicious delicious perplexed president . 
a pickle with a pickle pickled a pickle . 
the delicious perplexed floor wanted a president ! 
the pickle pickled a fine floor . 
a president wanted the perplexed delicious sandwich . 
a pickled pickled president in every pickled chief of staff ate a floor with a chief of staff in a fine floor . 
the sandwich understood the floor on a delicious delicious sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
a perplexed floor in every chief of staff kissed a fine delicious sandwich . 
the floor wanted a floor with a floor . 
a sandwich pickled the delicious chief of staff . 
the floor understood the perplexed pickle . 
a sandwich on the fine sandwich ate the delicious sandwich . 
the fine perplexed pickled pickled sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
the president understood a delicious sandwich . 
the pickled president wanted the sandwich . 
a chief of staff pickled a delicious pickled floor . 
the sandwich wanted a floor . 
the delicious sandwich kissed a pickle . 
a perplexed pickle wanted the perplexed floor . 
a perplexed sandwich understood a pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed a chief of staff . 
a pickled sandwich ate a pickled delicious chief of staff in a sandwich . 
a president understood the president . 
a delicious floor pickled a delicious delicious pickle . 
the sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
the pickle wanted the sandwich . 
the president in a perplexed chief of staff kissed the sandwich . 
a pickle pickled a president . 
the perplexed president pickled the pickle . 
a chief of staff pickled a sandwich . 
a sandwich wanted a pickle on the chief of staff on the floor in a president . 
the perplexed floor ate a sandwich in a floor . 
a pickled president ate a pickle . 
the pickle kissed the pickled delicious delicious president . 
the delicious pickle kissed a chief of staff . 
every perplexed president kissed a pickled sandwich . 
a president understood a president . 
the sandwich ate a fine chief of staff . 
the floor pickled every sandwich . 
a floor wanted a sandwich in a fine pickled delicious sandwich . 
the perplexed pickled delicious president pickled a fine chief of staff . 
a floor pickled a sandwich on a president on every president . 
the perplexed president kissed a pickle . 
a sandwich with a delicious pickled floor wanted the pickled floor . 
the pickle pickled the floor . 
the floor wanted a floor . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle . 
the floor kissed a pickled sandwich . 
a pickle ate the pickle . 
the pickle on the chief of staff understood the floor . 
the pickle under a floor pickled the perplexed floor with every chief of staff . 
the pickled fine pickle understood a delicious floor . 
every fine delicious pickle kissed the pickled pickled pickle . 
a floor in a sandwich in a delicious president pickled the fine perplexed perplexed sandwich . 
a perplexed perplexed president with the pickled perplexed sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff pickled a president . 
every president on a pickled fine sandwich kissed a pickled perplexed sandwich . 
the fine pickle in every chief of staff wanted the floor . 
the perplexed perplexed fine pickle pickled a pickle in the sandwich with the pickled delicious floor with the sandwich with a fine chief of staff . 
a floor on the pickle in a sandwich understood the perplexed floor under every sandwich . 
the pickle kissed a delicious pickled pickled pickle . 
a pickle ate a pickle under the fine delicious delicious chief of staff in the fine president . 
a president understood the chief of staff . 
every perplexed sandwich ate a pickled pickled floor in the pickle . 
the president understood every sandwich . 
a pickle ate a chief of staff . 
the floor wanted a pickled perplexed sandwich . 
a fine floor wanted the delicious president . 
the perplexed perplexed president wanted the delicious pickled president . 
a fine fine chief of staff with the president understood the fine floor . 
a pickle pickled a pickle . 
a floor understood every floor . 
the pickle in the sandwich wanted the delicious fine sandwich . 
the president ate the perplexed delicious sandwich . 
the delicious perplexed chief of staff with the pickled president wanted the president . 
a pickled sandwich ate a delicious pickled fine pickle . 
a president with a pickle wanted a perplexed fine floor . 
the floor understood every perplexed sandwich . 
the delicious pickled president in a chief of staff ate every perplexed floor . 
the floor wanted every sandwich . 
every floor ate a pickled pickled chief of staff . 
a chief of staff on every fine floor kissed the floor . 
a chief of staff pickled the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff pickled a perplexed chief of staff in the delicious chief of staff in every floor . 
a chief of staff pickled the president . 
a president understood a perplexed chief of staff with the delicious sandwich . 
a fine fine chief of staff in the delicious delicious sandwich in the chief of staff understood a pickled perplexed pickle . 
every chief of staff understood the floor . 
the delicious perplexed floor understood the pickled delicious pickle . 
a delicious president in a chief of staff with the pickle with a fine pickle understood a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff pickled the pickle . 
the floor understood a fine chief of staff on the fine pickled fine floor in a pickle ! 
the perplexed sandwich pickled a president . 
a delicious pickled delicious delicious pickled president ate the sandwich . 
a chief of staff ate the pickle . 
the floor in the pickle in a president on a floor wanted a delicious fine pickled perplexed sandwich . 
every delicious delicious sandwich ate a floor . 
a perplexed president with the president on the chief of staff pickled a pickle . 
the floor kissed a delicious floor . 
is it true that a chief of staff ate the chief of staff ? 
the floor pickled every floor . 
a sandwich pickled a pickle . 
every pickle under a floor in a president on the floor with the pickled fine sandwich with a sandwich in the president understood a floor . 
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted a perplexed chief of staff with a pickled president . 
the floor wanted the sandwich on a delicious sandwich under a perplexed pickle . 
the chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood the fine president . 
a floor wanted the sandwich . 
the fine pickled sandwich kissed a floor . 
every pickle pickled a pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the chief of staff on the sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
a pickle kissed the pickle . 
a pickled pickle with every fine president with a delicious pickled chief of staff on a sandwich with every president understood a chief of staff . 
every pickle pickled a perplexed delicious president on a sandwich . 
a chief of staff understood a pickle . 
the delicious sandwich in the chief of staff understood a delicious pickled sandwich . 
a chief of staff pickled a pickle with the president . 
the delicious perplexed pickled fine chief of staff understood a president . 
every chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . 
the pickle understood a delicious perplexed fine perplexed pickle . 
the floor understood a delicious pickled perplexed sandwich ! 
the pickle on the sandwich understood the perplexed president on every perplexed floor . 
a perplexed perplexed president with a chief of staff ate a delicious pickled pickle . 
the fine pickle kissed the perplexed pickled perplexed fine fine delicious pickle in the fine pickled president . 
the sandwich with the sandwich ate the floor . 
a sandwich pickled the sandwich . 
a delicious delicious president ate a delicious president . 
every president ate the fine fine pickled fine delicious fine pickle . 
a president wanted a pickled president . 
a sandwich with the fine pickled pickled floor ate a perplexed sandwich . 
a pickle ate a floor . 
a president ate the pickled president . 
a sandwich wanted the perplexed pickled floor . 
a chief of staff with a pickled delicious pickled floor pickled the chief of staff ! 
the perplexed pickle pickled the president . 
a sandwich wanted the perplexed delicious pickle . 
the delicious delicious fine president ate a perplexed floor in a perplexed perplexed perplexed floor . 
a sandwich ate a floor . 
a perplexed delicious delicious pickle wanted the delicious perplexed delicious delicious chief of staff . 
every fine pickled president ate the president . 
every floor understood the pickled sandwich with a chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood the delicious floor . 
the pickle understood the floor with a floor . 
a president kissed a delicious fine president on a sandwich on the delicious floor in the president . 
the president ate the floor . 
the pickled sandwich ate a floor on every pickled fine floor . 
a fine president understood the sandwich under the chief of staff in the perplexed sandwich on every chief of staff . 
a fine fine perplexed floor wanted the chief of staff . 
the fine pickle wanted a floor ! 
a pickled sandwich with a delicious floor with the perplexed pickled perplexed sandwich ate a sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted every perplexed floor . 
the pickled perplexed perplexed floor pickled the floor . 
the pickle ate the pickled sandwich . 
a floor kissed a pickle . 
the chief of staff kissed the pickle in a pickle on a fine perplexed chief of staff . 
a delicious floor understood the president . 
a pickled president pickled a floor . 
a floor wanted a delicious pickled fine president on a delicious chief of staff with the chief of staff under the president with the pickle . 
the pickle understood the delicious fine perplexed sandwich . 
a floor kissed a chief of staff . 
a president ate a fine delicious perplexed pickled delicious sandwich ! 
the chief of staff understood a floor . 
every chief of staff understood a pickle . 
the pickle on the president ate a floor . 
a chief of staff in every pickle with a floor pickled the sandwich . 
the sandwich wanted the delicious president on the pickled pickled delicious pickled delicious pickle . 
a president ate the chief of staff with the president . 
the chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
a pickled president ate a fine sandwich . 
every pickled president wanted a sandwich . 
the fine sandwich ate a delicious floor . 
the pickle kissed every floor . 
a chief of staff kissed the chief of staff . 
a president ate a perplexed pickled president . 
the pickled sandwich kissed a president in the delicious president . 
the chief of staff pickled every chief of staff . 
a floor with the president kissed the delicious floor . 
the delicious fine sandwich pickled the chief of staff . 
the president ate the chief of staff . 
a delicious floor kissed the president . 
a delicious sandwich ate a sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
the floor understood a delicious pickle in the floor under the chief of staff with the pickle . 
every pickled president understood a floor . 
the sandwich in a president understood the pickle . 
every president wanted a pickle . 
the pickle wanted the sandwich . 
a floor understood a chief of staff . 
the pickled floor kissed the president . 
the floor on a sandwich understood the president . 
a president wanted every fine chief of staff . 
every pickled president ate the fine delicious delicious delicious perplexed president . 
a sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
every fine president ate the president with every delicious pickle . 
the sandwich ate a floor . 
a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed president pickled a chief of staff . 
a chief of staff understood every pickled perplexed perplexed president . 
a pickle ate the pickle . 
a president kissed the fine president . 
the pickled delicious chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff kissed a fine delicious delicious president ! 
every sandwich in a chief of staff pickled the fine perplexed floor . 
the fine sandwich understood the perplexed floor ! 
every perplexed pickle wanted the floor . 
a president in the chief of staff under the chief of staff understood a floor . 
the sandwich kissed the pickle . 
the perplexed perplexed pickled floor ate the pickled president . 
a president pickled the pickled floor in a fine pickle on a fine chief of staff on the pickled perplexed chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted the pickle . 
every president ate the sandwich . 
every perplexed pickle in a floor on the president kissed the president . 
a chief of staff pickled the delicious chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
a president ate the floor . 
a pickled floor in the pickle kissed a fine president . 
a pickle pickled every floor in every delicious pickle . 
a floor understood the sandwich . 
every fine perplexed delicious president understood the sandwich . 
a president pickled the delicious president . 
a pickled floor ate every president . 
a chief of staff kissed a pickle . 
every perplexed floor kissed a pickle . 
the sandwich pickled the fine pickle . 
is it true that the floor wanted the sandwich under a chief of staff ? 
a floor kissed the president on a floor with the pickled chief of staff . 
a president on a perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
a fine chief of staff kissed a pickled president on the fine floor . 
every pickle understood a floor with a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff with a floor on the pickled chief of staff understood the floor . 
every chief of staff pickled a delicious pickle in a floor . 
the floor ate the pickled chief of staff . 
the floor understood the pickled pickled pickle . 
the pickle kissed the pickle on the president . 
a pickled floor in the pickled sandwich pickled every chief of staff ! 
the president wanted the chief of staff . 
a perplexed floor ate a sandwich . 
the perplexed sandwich on a delicious sandwich kissed the president . 
a sandwich wanted a pickled pickled sandwich . 
every floor wanted the perplexed president . 
a president under the president ate the pickled chief of staff ! 
a sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
the fine pickled pickle understood the pickled perplexed fine president . 
a fine chief of staff pickled a fine sandwich . 
the president understood a pickle . 
every floor pickled a perplexed president on the delicious president with a fine president . 
the sandwich understood the perplexed chief of staff in the chief of staff ! 
a floor kissed a floor . 
a chief of staff kissed a president . 
a president ate the pickled pickle ! 
the president wanted the president . 
the pickled pickle wanted a delicious pickle . 
the chief of staff ate a floor in a perplexed pickle . 
a chief of staff pickled a chief of staff with every chief of staff . 
the pickle on the chief of staff wanted a delicious fine pickle . 
a floor kissed every sandwich on a floor . 
every perplexed president pickled a fine fine delicious fine chief of staff . 
the chief of staff ate a fine fine pickle in a president . 
a sandwich understood a president . 
the floor understood a pickled fine fine sandwich . 
every pickled president wanted the president . 
the delicious floor ate the pickle . 
a pickled pickle wanted every pickle . 
a fine sandwich understood a pickle . 
the chief of staff understood every president . 
a pickled perplexed floor kissed the delicious floor . 
the pickled chief of staff wanted a perplexed delicious floor on a sandwich . 
a president kissed the pickle . 
a pickled floor under the delicious president ate a fine president . 
a pickle understood the delicious pickled president . 
a pickled president pickled a chief of staff . 
the floor understood the pickle . 
the pickle understood the floor . 
the chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
a fine chief of staff on a floor on a pickled chief of staff ate the floor . 
a floor with a sandwich pickled a president . 
a perplexed president wanted a floor . 
the pickled fine delicious pickle wanted every chief of staff . 
a fine delicious sandwich in a fine floor understood a president on a chief of staff . 
a pickle under a president ate the sandwich . 
the sandwich understood the pickled fine floor ! 
the pickled floor wanted the sandwich with a delicious delicious pickle . 
the floor kissed the perplexed pickled delicious delicious pickled president . 
a pickled delicious pickle ate every delicious floor . 
a pickled delicious floor wanted a pickle . 
the sandwich with a president ate the delicious sandwich . 
the delicious sandwich ate the president . 
a pickle kissed a pickle . 
a sandwich kissed a chief of staff . 
the chief of staff kissed the fine fine sandwich . 
the pickle ate a fine sandwich . 
the sandwich pickled a floor . 
the president wanted a perplexed pickle . 
every pickled pickle understood the president . 
a perplexed sandwich on a pickle in the chief of staff with a sandwich kissed the fine president . 
a delicious president kissed the pickled floor . 
the sandwich ate a pickle . 
a sandwich pickled a perplexed chief of staff . 
the pickle pickled the sandwich . 
the delicious pickled pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
the perplexed president understood the pickle . 
a president kissed the president . 
the pickle ate the sandwich . 
the sandwich with a fine pickle on the pickled fine pickled floor understood a pickled president . 
is it true that a floor understood a chief of staff ? 
the president wanted the sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted a pickle . 
the fine president ate the sandwich . 
a pickled fine sandwich ate a president . 
a fine chief of staff in a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
every floor in the pickled fine perplexed chief of staff understood a delicious pickled pickle . 
a sandwich kissed every floor . 
the president wanted every sandwich . 
a chief of staff ate a sandwich ! 
the floor wanted a pickle . 
a fine fine president kissed the sandwich with a pickled perplexed delicious floor in the pickle . 
a perplexed perplexed sandwich ate the perplexed sandwich . 
the delicious chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
the pickle pickled the fine floor . 
a floor wanted a delicious perplexed perplexed pickle . 
the pickle ate a sandwich . 
a chief of staff with a pickle with the pickle in a chief of staff on a pickled sandwich kissed the president . 
the floor understood every floor on a perplexed chief of staff . 
the delicious sandwich on a delicious perplexed floor pickled a president . 
a pickle pickled the pickle under a pickle on a delicious president . 
the pickled pickled fine sandwich in the floor with every floor ate a delicious pickle ! 
the chief of staff ate a chief of staff . 
the delicious chief of staff understood the pickled fine chief of staff . 
a pickled chief of staff kissed a fine pickle . 
every delicious fine pickle kissed the perplexed president ! 
the perplexed delicious perplexed delicious president with the chief of staff ate the fine delicious sandwich . 
a floor wanted the pickle . 
a perplexed fine pickle ate a delicious pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted a perplexed floor ! 
a delicious floor pickled every sandwich . 
every floor kissed a floor . 
the delicious perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled every pickled floor in a fine delicious fine pickled pickle in a fine floor on a perplexed pickle on the delicious chief of staff . 
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted the pickled delicious sandwich . 
the sandwich understood a fine fine pickle with a perplexed floor . 
a pickle wanted every floor . 
a fine pickle pickled a president . 
the floor on a pickled perplexed perplexed delicious fine chief of staff in the floor ate the pickle with the pickled fine fine president . 
a pickled chief of staff understood every pickle . 
the pickle understood the pickled pickle . 
a chief of staff in the chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickled chief of staff . 
a president pickled the fine delicious sandwich . 
a pickle kissed the president . 
the fine floor ate a pickle in a floor . 
a delicious floor understood a chief of staff . 
the sandwich kissed a pickled sandwich . 
the floor pickled a chief of staff . 
the president pickled a floor . 
a president understood every chief of staff . 
a chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
a pickled fine delicious president wanted a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood the perplexed president . 
a perplexed floor with the sandwich wanted the president with the chief of staff on a sandwich in the perplexed president on the president . 
a fine pickle kissed a perplexed perplexed pickle . 
a sandwich kissed the perplexed fine pickled pickled president . 
every floor kissed a sandwich . 
the sandwich on a pickled pickled sandwich understood a fine sandwich . 
every sandwich pickled a pickle . 
the chief of staff understood a delicious perplexed pickle on a pickled floor . 
the perplexed delicious sandwich pickled the pickle . 
a president kissed a president . 
a sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
the delicious floor kissed the pickled floor . 
the pickled president pickled every sandwich in a pickle . 
a pickle pickled a sandwich with the president . 
a pickle kissed every delicious chief of staff in every fine delicious fine sandwich . 
a fine pickled perplexed pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed floor wanted the president . 
a chief of staff pickled a floor . 
a floor understood the sandwich ! 
a president kissed the fine floor in the president . 
the floor pickled the floor in the pickle . 
the floor on every president in a sandwich wanted the floor . 
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff with the sandwich with the pickled delicious pickled pickled sandwich on a floor . 
the pickle understood the chief of staff ! 
a sandwich with a sandwich in the pickled sandwich ate a sandwich . 
the president wanted a sandwich with a president . 
the pickled pickled chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
a floor wanted every sandwich . 
the perplexed president on the perplexed chief of staff ate a pickle on every pickled pickled pickle . 
the perplexed president kissed the fine pickled delicious perplexed perplexed pickle . 
a fine pickle kissed the pickle . 
a pickle pickled a sandwich ! 
a pickle kissed a perplexed sandwich . 
a floor wanted a chief of staff with the perplexed chief of staff on a president . 
a chief of staff kissed the president . 
a sandwich wanted the floor with a president in the pickled president . 
a sandwich ate a delicious fine chief of staff . 
a chief of staff wanted a pickled floor . 
the floor kissed the fine perplexed chief of staff . 
every floor ate a perplexed floor . 
the pickle kissed a pickle . 
the floor wanted a perplexed pickled chief of staff on the fine perplexed president . 
a pickle in the chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
the sandwich ate a perplexed pickle in the chief of staff . 
the chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
a fine chief of staff in a chief of staff in a pickle wanted the fine president . 
a delicious president kissed the chief of staff . 
a president pickled a delicious perplexed president . 
the fine fine pickle kissed a perplexed fine sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed the fine floor . 
the chief of staff ate a president . 
every president wanted a pickled chief of staff with the perplexed floor ! 
the sandwich kissed the pickle under the floor . 
a pickle wanted a pickled delicious pickled fine fine chief of staff . 
a chief of staff under the perplexed floor kissed a chief of staff in a fine pickle . 
a perplexed pickled pickled floor on a perplexed pickled president pickled the delicious sandwich on the chief of staff . 
the floor understood a delicious fine chief of staff . 
every delicious floor kissed the sandwich . 
a fine president ate a pickle . 
a floor pickled a floor . 
the sandwich with a pickle understood the delicious chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff kissed a perplexed perplexed delicious chief of staff . 
the pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted every delicious floor . 
the fine pickle wanted a floor with the sandwich on a chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickled pickled pickled floor ate the perplexed president . 
a sandwich in a floor understood a pickled pickled pickle . 
a president wanted a fine pickle . 
the pickled pickled pickled perplexed delicious sandwich wanted a fine president . 
a president kissed the chief of staff . 
the pickled chief of staff wanted a floor . 
a sandwich ate the fine perplexed chief of staff ! 
the floor understood the delicious perplexed sandwich with a sandwich . 
every sandwich with a perplexed president with a delicious perplexed floor kissed the delicious pickled fine chief of staff . 
every floor wanted a perplexed president . 
a pickle wanted every chief of staff . 
a president wanted every sandwich under the delicious president on every sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted a delicious president . 
the floor pickled the pickle . 
every delicious pickled delicious president understood a sandwich . 
the president on a chief of staff with a pickled floor under the floor with the sandwich on a sandwich in a perplexed president on the sandwich kissed a floor ! 
a fine delicious perplexed delicious president understood a president . 
a pickled perplexed delicious pickled sandwich understood the president on a floor . 
a sandwich wanted a pickled delicious floor . 
the fine perplexed floor kissed a president ! 
a perplexed floor pickled a fine president . 
a perplexed chief of staff understood a floor . 
the pickle wanted the president . 
a chief of staff pickled a pickle . 
a delicious pickled sandwich kissed the pickle in the perplexed sandwich . 
the perplexed delicious president in a delicious delicious floor on the perplexed pickle on the sandwich with the perplexed pickle on the sandwich in a pickled delicious sandwich wanted the fine pickled pickle ! 
a president pickled a pickle . 
a perplexed pickled chief of staff wanted the perplexed sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted every sandwich . 
the chief of staff ate the president . 
a floor understood a president . 
a fine chief of staff understood the pickle . 
the perplexed pickle wanted the delicious chief of staff . 
the pickled president pickled the pickle ! 
the chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
a pickled floor in the delicious pickled perplexed delicious delicious pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
the delicious chief of staff ate a pickled pickled fine sandwich . 
a pickled floor kissed the sandwich . 
a delicious pickled floor pickled a chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate a sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed a president . 
every floor pickled the perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
a sandwich on every sandwich pickled a president . 
the pickled pickle pickled the sandwich ! 
the pickled delicious chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
the president pickled a perplexed president ! 
a sandwich kissed the president . 
the pickle ate a perplexed president . 
every perplexed floor with the pickled pickle pickled a perplexed pickled sandwich . 
the perplexed pickle understood a president . 
the chief of staff ate a president . 
every pickle ate a floor . 
a delicious perplexed fine floor with the pickle with the pickle pickled a chief of staff . 
every floor in the pickled president ate a chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted the delicious floor . 
a delicious delicious fine delicious sandwich wanted a chief of staff with a sandwich ! 
the sandwich pickled the floor . 
a pickle understood the perplexed chief of staff on a pickle . 
the pickle understood a delicious president . 
a floor on a president ate a president . 
the pickle wanted a president . 
a perplexed pickle in a pickle with a president with a sandwich with a chief of staff in the pickled delicious president in the sandwich understood the floor . 
every delicious delicious chief of staff under a chief of staff with a sandwich with a fine pickle kissed the chief of staff . 
a floor pickled a sandwich . 
the perplexed fine fine chief of staff ate a president . 
a president ate a perplexed perplexed president . 
the chief of staff with the pickled delicious chief of staff wanted a fine pickle . 
the pickle understood a fine perplexed pickled floor in a sandwich . 
a delicious president in the fine delicious fine pickle in every pickled perplexed floor ate the president in every delicious pickle . 
the floor wanted every president . 
every chief of staff understood a floor . 
a pickle ate every floor . 
the pickled sandwich pickled the president ! 
the fine floor kissed a sandwich . 
a chief of staff understood the chief of staff . 
every pickled sandwich wanted a pickled president . 
a fine floor ate a fine floor . 
the delicious pickled pickle wanted the delicious pickle . 
a fine delicious floor in every pickled perplexed delicious pickle ate the pickle . 
the pickled president ate the president . 
is it true that the chief of staff ate the pickle ? 
a perplexed chief of staff on the president in the floor pickled a delicious chief of staff . 
a chief of staff ate a fine pickle . 
a sandwich pickled a floor . 
a chief of staff wanted a delicious president . 
the floor ate a president . 
the delicious fine president kissed a perplexed pickled pickle . 
a chief of staff ate a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
a president pickled a chief of staff with a president . 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled a president . 
the perplexed chief of staff ate the sandwich with the floor ! 
a floor pickled a perplexed sandwich . 
a sandwich understood a delicious fine president . 
a sandwich understood a floor . 
a president understood the floor . 
every floor kissed a delicious president . 
the president kissed a fine delicious delicious floor . 
a delicious pickle pickled a fine pickled floor . 
a pickled pickled sandwich kissed the president with a delicious president with the perplexed pickled floor . 
a chief of staff ate a pickle . 
a president kissed a pickled president . 
the chief of staff pickled the perplexed fine delicious pickled floor . 
the floor understood the perplexed sandwich . 
every floor understood a chief of staff ! 
a delicious floor kissed a president . 
a pickle pickled the president with a pickled president . 
a sandwich wanted a delicious president . 
a sandwich kissed a sandwich with the floor . 
the sandwich pickled a pickled pickle . 
a pickle with the president understood the chief of staff in the floor ! 
a fine floor understood the pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood a president . 
the president kissed the pickled president . 
the perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle . 
a sandwich pickled a delicious floor . 
a sandwich understood every sandwich . 
the president pickled every perplexed pickle . 
a pickle ate the chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickle wanted a pickle in the president . 
the pickle ate the pickle in a sandwich . 
a sandwich understood every president . 
a floor kissed the pickle . 
the floor kissed a delicious fine pickled delicious chief of staff . 
the floor ate the sandwich in the sandwich ! 
a perplexed delicious fine president on a pickled delicious fine floor understood a pickled pickle . 
the pickled sandwich wanted a perplexed sandwich . 
the floor wanted a fine president . 
a perplexed floor ate a president . 
a floor understood the perplexed sandwich . 
a pickled chief of staff understood every perplexed pickled floor . 
a chief of staff ate a sandwich . 
a chief of staff wanted a perplexed pickle . 
a pickle understood a perplexed perplexed pickle . 
every chief of staff kissed a floor on the pickle . 
a perplexed president wanted the pickle in the floor . 
the pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
the floor wanted every pickled pickle . 
a perplexed chief of staff understood a president . 
the delicious perplexed floor ate the chief of staff on the chief of staff . 
every pickled fine sandwich wanted every pickled perplexed perplexed perplexed delicious sandwich . 
a floor kissed the delicious floor . 
the president ate a president . 
a pickle on the floor understood every pickle . 
a fine pickled president ate a floor . 
the fine floor pickled the delicious delicious perplexed perplexed pickled fine delicious sandwich . 
the pickle on a perplexed floor kissed the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff wanted the delicious sandwich . 
the chief of staff understood every chief of staff ! 
a pickle in a chief of staff kissed every delicious pickled chief of staff . 
the president ate the floor . 
a floor on every pickle understood the floor . 
the perplexed floor understood the sandwich . 
every fine perplexed delicious sandwich kissed a floor . 
every chief of staff ate a delicious fine chief of staff . 
every sandwich understood a pickled floor . 
the delicious floor ate the chief of staff . 
a floor pickled the president . 
a fine pickled chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
a delicious floor in a chief of staff wanted the pickled pickled pickled floor on the president . 
a perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich understood the delicious chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
the floor wanted the delicious perplexed president . 
a pickle kissed the perplexed chief of staff . 
the sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
the floor wanted the pickled president on a president in the president . 
the floor pickled the fine president . 
the pickle pickled the pickle . 
a floor pickled a delicious chief of staff . 
the sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
a delicious perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed a sandwich . 
the president understood the floor . 
a sandwich with a chief of staff wanted every sandwich . 
a floor on a chief of staff in the sandwich kissed a delicious perplexed president . 
a floor wanted the delicious president . 
the president with the chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
the sandwich with a pickled pickle wanted the delicious delicious chief of staff on the fine pickle ! 
a fine perplexed floor wanted a floor . 
the floor pickled every floor in a fine chief of staff with the perplexed fine chief of staff with a chief of staff in a fine sandwich with a pickle . 
the delicious perplexed pickle kissed a president . 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the pickle ! 
a chief of staff kissed the sandwich on the president in a chief of staff with a fine president . 
the pickled perplexed pickle understood the pickle . 
a floor wanted a sandwich on the delicious fine floor . 
a sandwich kissed the pickled delicious delicious president . 
the pickle on a pickled pickle pickled the delicious pickled pickle with the fine floor . 
a sandwich ate the perplexed fine president . 
every chief of staff wanted every floor in a pickle in a chief of staff with a perplexed perplexed president in a pickled sandwich on every pickle in a perplexed perplexed pickle on every pickled delicious chief of staff . 
the floor on the chief of staff ate the perplexed delicious floor . 
the pickle with the chief of staff under a chief of staff wanted a floor on the president . 
the sandwich ate a sandwich . 
a sandwich kissed the sandwich . 
a sandwich on the floor on every perplexed sandwich wanted the president . 
every chief of staff ate a perplexed chief of staff . 
the chief of staff pickled every floor on the fine sandwich . 
a delicious president in the floor with the chief of staff understood the delicious president . 
every president understood the pickle on a chief of staff . 
a chief of staff ate the floor . 
a fine delicious president kissed the president . 
a fine pickle kissed the sandwich . 
a fine pickle understood a delicious floor . 
a pickled chief of staff with a floor in the sandwich wanted the president . 
the chief of staff wanted a chief of staff . 
a pickle wanted a sandwich . 
a president kissed the sandwich . 
a delicious president ate the sandwich . 
the chief of staff pickled the fine perplexed fine delicious pickled fine chief of staff . 
the president pickled the chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted a delicious perplexed floor on the president . 
a sandwich ate the pickled sandwich . 
a president kissed a floor . 
the floor in the pickled sandwich kissed the chief of staff on a floor ! 
the president with a chief of staff understood a pickled chief of staff . 
a sandwich pickled the floor on the sandwich ! 
every chief of staff ate a perplexed chief of staff . 
a floor ate a fine fine pickled perplexed sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed a perplexed delicious pickled sandwich . 
a sandwich understood the chief of staff . 
the sandwich understood a floor . 
the sandwich with a floor pickled the pickled floor . 
a pickle kissed a floor . 
a sandwich pickled a sandwich . 
a president wanted a chief of staff . 
a sandwich wanted the delicious fine chief of staff ! 
a sandwich wanted a sandwich on a perplexed pickle in every chief of staff . 
every delicious sandwich in a chief of staff pickled a floor . 
the perplexed chief of staff understood a floor on the pickled sandwich . 
a floor kissed the fine fine sandwich . 
the pickle ate the fine pickle on every pickle . 
a fine president kissed a pickled floor . 
a pickle kissed every pickle . 
a fine sandwich kissed a chief of staff . 
a floor wanted a pickled fine sandwich . 
the chief of staff understood the president . 
a delicious delicious floor on the perplexed pickle wanted a floor . 
the pickle kissed the pickled floor on a pickle . 
a president with the perplexed floor understood the perplexed chief of staff . 
every pickle wanted a sandwich . 
the floor pickled a fine floor . 
the pickled sandwich understood a president . 
a floor ate every president . 
a pickle wanted the sandwich . 
a fine perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle . 
the perplexed president with every chief of staff understood a pickled president ! 
a delicious perplexed pickle wanted the president . 
a perplexed fine perplexed fine floor ate a floor . 
a pickled sandwich wanted a floor . 
the delicious perplexed perplexed pickle understood the pickle in a president . 
the perplexed perplexed chief of staff pickled a floor with every sandwich . 
the president kissed the chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff wanted every fine sandwich . 
the perplexed floor ate a sandwich . 
a floor ate a floor . 
the chief of staff ate the sandwich . 
the pickle under a floor understood a floor . 
every sandwich ate the president with the sandwich on the pickle . 
the pickled floor kissed the floor . 
the sandwich wanted the chief of staff . 
a pickle in the pickle with a chief of staff on a president on the sandwich on a pickle understood the fine president under the pickled president . 
a pickle on the sandwich kissed the president ! 
a pickled chief of staff in the fine pickle pickled the pickle . 
the pickle wanted the sandwich . 
a sandwich pickled the pickle . 
the pickled delicious chief of staff understood the floor . 
a pickle understood the pickle . 
a fine sandwich kissed the chief of staff . 
a chief of staff in the president kissed every chief of staff ! 
the delicious perplexed fine sandwich ate a floor . 
the president kissed the pickle . 
the president ate a perplexed pickled sandwich . 
a pickled sandwich ate a fine president . 
a perplexed fine president kissed the chief of staff . 
a president kissed the president . 
is it true that a pickle ate a president ? 
the floor wanted a sandwich . 
is it true that a fine delicious chief of staff ate a floor ? 
the pickle wanted the pickle . 
every delicious delicious chief of staff understood a fine pickled pickled sandwich on a delicious pickle . 
a pickle on the pickled sandwich wanted the president . 
the fine floor understood a president . 
the sandwich on every delicious floor understood every delicious chief of staff in the pickle . 
the perplexed floor wanted the floor . 
a floor kissed the president . 
the sandwich understood the sandwich . 
the pickle kissed a fine delicious fine sandwich on the pickle . 
the pickle kissed the floor . 
the pickle pickled a perplexed floor . 
the pickled floor pickled a president . 
the perplexed pickled floor kissed every delicious chief of staff . 
the pickle pickled a fine pickle . 
a president ate a president . 
a floor ate a pickle . 
a pickled perplexed delicious sandwich kissed the president . 
the president kissed a pickle . 
a perplexed floor with a pickle with the pickle with a fine president ate a pickled pickle . 
the fine floor ate every pickled president . 
a president ate a pickled sandwich . 
a perplexed pickled delicious perplexed sandwich pickled the floor . 
a perplexed perplexed perplexed sandwich understood a pickle . 
the sandwich understood a floor . 
a pickle with a president understood the chief of staff . 
every delicious sandwich kissed the chief of staff . 
the president wanted every floor . 
every president wanted the pickle on the pickled chief of staff . 
the delicious fine delicious floor ate a president . 
every delicious pickle ate a chief of staff . 
the sandwich pickled the pickle . 
a floor pickled the chief of staff on the pickled floor . 
the chief of staff pickled a sandwich . 
a perplexed perplexed floor understood the floor . 
a sandwich ate a chief of staff . 
a sandwich with a floor with every delicious floor on the chief of staff in the pickle in the sandwich with the pickled sandwich kissed a fine sandwich . 
every pickle understood the pickled sandwich . 
the fine sandwich pickled a delicious chief of staff . 
a delicious sandwich understood a sandwich . 
a fine delicious chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff kissed the perplexed pickle . 
a floor wanted a president . 
the fine president wanted the perplexed president . 
a chief of staff ate the pickled fine sandwich with the fine chief of staff . 
the pickle ate a president . 
a chief of staff understood the sandwich . 
the sandwich pickled a sandwich . 
a floor in the president wanted a president . 
the floor in every perplexed delicious pickled chief of staff kissed the delicious delicious floor . 
a floor pickled the sandwich on the sandwich . 
a fine president on the president under a sandwich understood a fine sandwich . 
a president with the perplexed pickle on a floor understood a sandwich . 
the pickled floor with a president ate a fine delicious delicious sandwich . 
the pickle ate every perplexed perplexed chief of staff . 
the delicious pickle pickled the delicious delicious sandwich . 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the chief of staff with the chief of staff under the perplexed chief of staff . 
a floor ate the floor . 
the floor wanted the pickle . 
a president kissed the pickled chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted a president . 
a delicious pickle kissed the floor . 
the pickled floor kissed the chief of staff . 
a pickle with the pickled fine delicious pickled pickled pickle understood the pickled fine pickle . 
every delicious chief of staff understood the pickle . 
a fine delicious pickled pickled perplexed president on a sandwich with the pickled floor on the president on every chief of staff pickled a sandwich . 
a pickle ate the president . 
a sandwich with a pickle pickled every president . 
the delicious pickled chief of staff kissed every sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the president pickled the president . 
a pickled floor wanted a chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate the pickle . 
every floor understood the president ! 
a perplexed pickled pickled perplexed pickle kissed a chief of staff in the perplexed pickle . 
the perplexed sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
a floor wanted the sandwich . 
a fine pickled sandwich kissed the president ! 
a pickle kissed a pickled floor . 
a delicious president wanted a chief of staff . 
a fine floor ate every fine fine floor . 
a chief of staff ate every president . 
a floor understood the sandwich . 
the floor with the pickled fine pickle with the pickled fine sandwich in a pickled president with a sandwich in the fine floor on a floor ate a fine pickle . 
the pickle pickled the chief of staff . 
the pickle understood a pickle . 
a perplexed sandwich wanted the sandwich . 
the sandwich on the fine delicious chief of staff with a floor on the pickle kissed the delicious pickled fine chief of staff . 
every chief of staff kissed the president . 
the chief of staff understood a chief of staff . 
every perplexed president wanted the sandwich . 
a chief of staff kissed the fine delicious delicious fine perplexed perplexed pickle . 
a floor kissed the president with the floor under a president . 
the sandwich in a delicious floor understood a pickle . 
the president wanted the floor . 
a fine pickled pickle pickled a floor . 
the pickle ate the chief of staff . 
a floor on a sandwich pickled a chief of staff . 
the fine sandwich wanted the pickled perplexed delicious pickled president . 
a chief of staff ate a chief of staff . 
the president ate every floor . 
a president wanted the floor . 
the pickled floor ate the sandwich in the fine perplexed perplexed pickled pickled pickled president . 
a pickled president wanted every floor . 
a perplexed sandwich pickled a pickle . 
every pickled sandwich kissed a delicious sandwich in a president . 
the sandwich ate a floor . 
every floor pickled a president . 
the fine chief of staff ate the chief of staff on the pickled president with the pickled chief of staff . 
a pickled sandwich wanted the floor with the sandwich . 
a floor pickled every floor . 
a fine sandwich understood every floor . 
the sandwich kissed a chief of staff . 
a chief of staff understood a perplexed pickle . 
a sandwich understood a president . 
every president wanted every perplexed delicious pickle . 
a chief of staff ate a pickled delicious pickled president . 
every perplexed pickle in a chief of staff on a pickle with a fine fine pickle pickled a perplexed floor . 
every pickle ate a president . 
a pickle ate the chief of staff . 
the pickle understood a perplexed sandwich on a president . 
the pickle ate a president with the floor on every pickled perplexed delicious chief of staff on the fine chief of staff . 
the pickled chief of staff on the perplexed chief of staff on the perplexed president in a pickled floor ate a sandwich . 
the pickle on the pickled chief of staff ate a delicious pickled delicious president . 
the pickle pickled a fine sandwich . 
a floor understood a pickle . 
a chief of staff wanted the chief of staff . 
the president kissed a pickled president . 
the delicious floor on the chief of staff pickled a pickle ! 
the perplexed pickled president understood a chief of staff . 
a perplexed chief of staff pickled the fine perplexed delicious floor . 
a delicious floor understood every pickle . 
the perplexed sandwich with a president with the president pickled a chief of staff . 
the floor pickled the sandwich in a fine president . 
a floor wanted the president ! 
a president pickled every floor . 
a floor kissed the pickled fine chief of staff . 
the president pickled the president . 
a perplexed pickle ate the delicious pickled chief of staff . 
a pickled president pickled the perplexed floor . 
every sandwich on the pickle wanted a fine perplexed perplexed perplexed president ! 
a sandwich understood a president . 
the pickle in a pickle ate the chief of staff . 
a pickle pickled every chief of staff . 
the chief of staff wanted a pickled chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate the chief of staff . 
every sandwich pickled a sandwich in a president . 
a floor kissed the pickled president . 
a sandwich kissed the floor . 
a pickled perplexed pickle wanted the pickle . 
the fine president kissed every delicious sandwich . 
a delicious delicious pickle pickled a floor . 
the floor pickled a delicious pickle . 
the sandwich understood every delicious delicious pickle . 
every floor kissed a chief of staff . 
a floor with every fine pickle with every fine floor ate a floor . 
a delicious pickle ate the sandwich in the floor in a perplexed president in a chief of staff . 
a fine delicious pickled pickle wanted a pickle . 
the sandwich pickled the president . 
the pickle in a perplexed president with a pickle with a pickled sandwich on a perplexed sandwich in the floor kissed the pickled pickled sandwich under the pickle in the president . 
the president wanted the sandwich ! 
the fine floor pickled the president . 
the president with every perplexed sandwich kissed a president . 
the floor wanted the pickle . 
the perplexed pickle understood a fine chief of staff . 
the fine chief of staff wanted a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood a chief of staff . 
the perplexed perplexed sandwich kissed the pickle ! 
the fine delicious sandwich pickled the president . 
the chief of staff kissed the floor . 
a pickled pickled fine floor on the delicious president on every delicious fine perplexed perplexed perplexed floor ate the floor . 
a floor understood the sandwich . 
the president wanted a president . 
the floor pickled a president . 
every president pickled a perplexed pickled chief of staff . 
a delicious pickle pickled a chief of staff . 
the pickle pickled the fine fine floor . 
the pickle pickled the president . 
the sandwich understood a perplexed pickle . 
a delicious floor understood the sandwich . 
a chief of staff pickled the president in the pickle . 
the pickled fine sandwich on the pickle wanted a sandwich . 
a pickle wanted the perplexed floor . 
a fine pickle understood every floor with the pickled floor with the fine floor on a president ! 
a delicious chief of staff in the floor wanted a pickle . 
every chief of staff in the sandwich pickled a pickle . 
the fine pickle understood a floor . 
a fine sandwich wanted the pickled sandwich . 
the floor wanted the chief of staff with the sandwich with the floor . 
every pickled chief of staff pickled a sandwich . 
the delicious pickle kissed a fine president in a chief of staff on a perplexed chief of staff under every delicious president . 
the president wanted every floor . 
the chief of staff ate the pickled president . 
a perplexed chief of staff under a pickle with the fine fine pickle on the floor kissed every floor . 
the president understood a perplexed pickled floor with the president with the sandwich in the perplexed chief of staff . 
the sandwich understood the delicious sandwich . 
the perplexed delicious pickle with a president ate the floor . 
the fine fine pickle ate a sandwich . 
the sandwich understood the pickle . 
a pickled chief of staff ate the pickle . 
a sandwich with the delicious president ate every chief of staff on the pickle . 
the delicious pickled pickle pickled the sandwich ! 
the pickled pickle ate the perplexed chief of staff . 
the perplexed pickle pickled every president . 
the pickled pickle pickled the fine pickle . 
the fine perplexed delicious pickle in the pickled president pickled a perplexed chief of staff . 
a sandwich understood a pickle . 
every pickled floor wanted a chief of staff in a floor . 
a president pickled a chief of staff . 
a president ate a chief of staff . 
the sandwich ate the president . 
a sandwich understood a pickled pickle . 
the president ate a pickle ! 
a sandwich wanted the sandwich . 
a fine pickle wanted a fine floor . 
the president ate the delicious floor . 
a president under a delicious president ate the sandwich on a floor . 
a chief of staff wanted the floor ! 
a pickled chief of staff understood a perplexed sandwich . 
a chief of staff under a delicious delicious pickle pickled the perplexed pickle . 
a pickle kissed the floor . 
a delicious pickle with a delicious sandwich understood the pickled president . 
a president pickled a fine president in a sandwich ! 
the pickled delicious pickled fine sandwich wanted a fine chief of staff . 
the perplexed floor understood a delicious floor . 
every pickled chief of staff understood every chief of staff . 
the pickle wanted the perplexed pickled chief of staff ! 
the pickle pickled the sandwich . 
the sandwich understood the chief of staff ! 
a floor ate a fine chief of staff in the sandwich ! 
the president with the pickled pickle on the sandwich wanted a chief of staff . 
the pickle ate the delicious pickled floor with every perplexed president . 
the pickle ate the president . 
the perplexed floor kissed the fine sandwich . 
the fine sandwich ate a president . 
the chief of staff pickled a chief of staff ! 
the president with the fine pickle kissed the floor . 
a president pickled a sandwich . 
the delicious president in the president ate the pickle . 
a pickled perplexed president understood a floor . 
the perplexed sandwich kissed a pickle . 
every perplexed sandwich wanted a sandwich . 
a chief of staff understood a chief of staff in a sandwich . 
a perplexed president ate a floor . 
a president kissed a president with the floor . 
a chief of staff kissed the pickled pickle in a sandwich . 
the fine pickle ate a fine fine pickle . 
the floor wanted the perplexed sandwich on the pickle . 
a pickled pickled perplexed chief of staff wanted the perplexed floor . 
the perplexed pickled chief of staff pickled the pickled chief of staff . 
every pickled president ate the delicious chief of staff on a perplexed pickle . 
every pickle with the floor in the president kissed a president . 
a chief of staff understood every president . 
a pickle pickled the president . 
a pickle wanted a sandwich . 
the president kissed the perplexed sandwich . 
a floor pickled a pickle . 
a sandwich with the delicious delicious chief of staff on a delicious president pickled the floor . 
a pickled pickled perplexed pickle pickled every chief of staff . 
the president understood a perplexed pickled sandwich . 
the sandwich kissed every fine delicious chief of staff . 
the president understood the delicious pickled chief of staff with the floor on a pickle . 
the delicious fine sandwich ate a pickle ! 
a delicious chief of staff understood a sandwich . 
the chief of staff wanted the floor . 
the floor wanted a chief of staff . 
the perplexed chief of staff kissed the pickle . 
a sandwich understood a pickle . 
a delicious delicious chief of staff in a fine chief of staff ate the president . 
the sandwich understood every perplexed sandwich . 
the chief of staff kissed every chief of staff . 
a chief of staff ate the sandwich with a sandwich in the chief of staff . 
a president understood a floor . 
the pickle pickled every perplexed president . 
every chief of staff kissed a sandwich . 
the sandwich wanted the delicious sandwich with the fine floor with a sandwich on a perplexed fine pickle . 
